okay you can use a belly dancing low and
when you go out the lobby or anything
and everyone's kind of like cool
translates to put any modern music to
everything when I when I taught a class
I would incorporate some like hip hop
songs just to show people see there's a
belly dancing d and everything you just
had a part of the flow yeah right all
right as long as you just mind on that
do you do that with dancing at all no
yeah Julia I know and I'm the Middle
Eastern and really know what are you
lose like mostly Spanish Russian
absolutely no nothing to go to them
they're actually no no I think you both
yes I you like I will stay has a lot of
my village like you in Spain really is
blond hair very fair skin they're all
the dark eyebrows or structured shit
just what you're looking with you
where's a lot of here in valencia
valencia spain Oh see where you get that
beautiful Moorish know spanish the ass
thing and I can come from which is all
like about so it does happen equal me go
i think is coming out as well from the
whole when you watch flamenco and what
is showing how they're moving it is all
the absolute like I consider them on
earth dances okay where the African the
modern dance in your own earthy but it's
kind of like you have to bend your knees
the whole time
but ballet is is areas everything is
lifted so what is your favorite move to
do in belly dancing what your favorite
what's your favorite aspect of it or
combination thereof yeah yeah yeah I'm
filming it's called the Maya so it
really is one that has to have this
limit you can walk with them all see
this is appropriate for this song
because it's slow uh-huh then you can
take it like in this way
one of my favorite moves it is not the
right music for okay because it's really
for fast oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hmm
you're walking with a hip chick and then
there's like these ornate like bells and
things that you oh yeah right and do you
actually always like you know do you
know when you're moving like which bells
you want to move and which you
definitely to amuse and that's even the
hands it's to accentuate a particular
thing usually I always wear hip scarf
like to even now doing a move I feel a
little weird without having my hair
Scott because it's just not like when
you do this one if you have a head scarf
okay just go like this